So with the format it let's make sure that we don't just print the inputs, but that we actually create
a new user with Firebase.
Now earlier in the course, we used the provider package for managing the state and for sending those
HTTP requests.
We could do this here.
But as you will see throughout this module, we don't really need the provider package here.
We don't really need this application.
White State Management, because Firebase the Firebase SDK, which we're using, will basically manage
all relevant state for us because we have the live connection to the server.
And Firebase will also do some caching to cache data so that it's even available if we temporarily lose
the connection.
So we don't really need our own state management.
Hence I will not create any models or any state management classes.
I will not add the provider package.
Instead, we can go to the off screen and maybe handle the request to create a new user there, because
then we have the off forum for collecting all the inputs and the offscreen for the heavy lifting of
creating a new user.
For this year in the offscreen state, we can add a new function submit auth form maybe and this is
a function that should get all the data from the off form as parameters, so as inputs.
So there we can get an email which will be a string.
We can get the password which will be a string, the user name which is a string and also the information
whether we are in login mode or not.
And with all of that gathered here inside of the function will be able to use the Firebase SDK to create
a new user or sign an existing user.
In that will be step number two.
Step number one is that we connect this function here in the off screen state with our off form.
And that's, of course, something we covered extensively in the course.
We can simply pass down a reference to this method to off form.
So here to offer forum as an argument, we can pass down submit off form so we can pass down a pointer
at this method.
And now we just need to accept this inside of, of form.
So in the off form dart file here in the widget class.
We can.
At the constructor by repeating the class name.
And now I want to accept an argument and store this in a property of this class.
For this, I'll add a new property and that will be a function.
And we can actually even define how the function which we want to get as an argument should look like.
Now we'll get a pointer at that function, but we can define how the function will point.
It should look like it should be a function that returns nothing.
And for this you simply add white in front of function.
So function is the type of data we'll have.
But this is an extra piece of information for this function type and you can add parentheses here to
then also define the arguments.
This function, which we want to get or which we want to store here in the property, should have.
We also need to add the property name here and that will be submit FN, for example.
So we'll have a submit F and property here in off form.
And the type of this property is a function which returns nothing and which now should also get some
arguments, some parameters.
For example, an email, for example, a password.
Also, of course, the username and also the information whether we are logging in or not.
So the exact same arguments we do expect here in the off screen.
Here.
These arguments, they are mirrored here in this type.
And then here in the off form constructor, we can say this submit function to make clear that the argument
we're receiving here is bound to this property of this class.
And this property here will point at this function we're getting from off screen.
So now in try submit here instead of printing.
We can call widget, submit f n to execute this function.
We store it in the widget and to this function we now need to pass all that data.
We need to pass the email, the password to username and t is log in state.
So I pass user email, I pass user password and user name and also is log in.
All that information is passed to this function.
And with that back in the off screen will receive that.
And here we can now use the Firebase SDK to create a new user.
Let's do that in the next lecture.